capital = 111

oob = "FIN_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_risto_heikki_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim_2
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim_3
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim_4
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim_5
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim_6
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_akseli_anttila
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell

#WA
recruit_character = FIN_rudolf_holsti
recruit_character = FIN_rolf_witting
recruit_character = FIN_carl_enckell
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_hillila
recruit_character = FIN_toivo_horelli
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_juho_niukkanen
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_voionmaa
recruit_character = FIN_mauno_pekkala
recruit_character = FIN_uuno_takki
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz
recruit_character = FIN_viljami_kalliokoski
recruit_character = FIN_otto_wille_kuusinen
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_cajander
recruit_character = FIN_gustaf_magnusson
recruit_character = FIN_viljo_einar_tuompo
recruit_character = FIN_juho_henrik_heiskanen
recruit_character = FIN_johan_woldemar_hagglund
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_edward_juutilainen
recruit_character = FIN_friedrick_charles
recruit_character = FIN_wolfgang_von_hesse

set_research_slots = 2

set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.2

activate_mission = economy_fatigue_civilian_economy_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_export_focus_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_limited_conscription_mission

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_5
	league_of_nations
	limited_conscription
	sisu
	FIN_between_a_tiger_and_a_bear
	women_in_the_workforce
	state_sponsored_economy
	white_guards
	semi_agrarian_nation
	FIN_shackled_industry
	motti_tactics_corps_spirit
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }

set_country_flag = League_of_nations_member_flag

set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	generic_frigate_1 = 1
	dispersed_industry = 1
	basic_train = 1
	fin_infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	fin_heavy_infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	great_war_defense_templates = 1
	great_war_trench_warfare = 1
	pre_assault_bombardment = 1
	basic_train = 1
	swe_artillery_1 = 1
	swe_anti_tank_1 = 1
}

#starting_train_buffer = 1
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = train_equipment_1 amount = 60 producer = FIN }

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		generic_destroyer_1 = 1
		generic_submarine_1 = 1
		generic_heavy_cruiser_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	145 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = island_province }
	}
}

set_convoys = 10

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Louhi"
		type = generic_frigate_hull_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot =  generic_tiny_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			ship_battery_slot_1 = generic_ship_light_battery_1_x1
			torpedo_slot_1 = ship_mine_layer_1
			torpedo_slot_2 = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Väinämöinen Class"
		type = generic_heavy_cruiser_hull_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = generic_medium_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_60_40
			ship_battery_slot_1 = generic_ship_medium_battery_2_x2
			ship_battery_slot_2 = generic_ship_medium_battery_2_x2
			ship_secondaries_slot_1 = generic_ship_light_secondaries_2_2x1
			ship_secondaries_slot_2 = generic_ship_light_secondaries_2_2x1
			ship_secondaries_slot_3 = generic_ship_light_secondaries_2_2x1
			ship_anti_air_slot_1 = generic_ship_large_anti_air_3_2x2
			ship_anti_air_slot_2 = generic_ship_large_anti_air_3_2x2
			ship_anti_air_slot_3 = generic_ship_anti_air_2_2x2
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 68
	fascism = 10
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 21
}