capital = 804

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
# clone of Yugoslavia
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1

}

recruit_character = HRZ_acd2
recruit_character = HRZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ncs
recruit_character = HRZ_nccr
recruit_character = HRZ_aco2
recruit_character = HRZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ai2
recruit_character = HRZ_ar
recruit_character = HRZ_coi
recruit_character = HRZ_acas
recruit_character = HRZ_acgs
recruit_character = HRZ_aa2
recruit_character = HRZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_acr
recruit_character = HRZ_stc
recruit_character = HRZ_awt
recruit_character = HRZ_pot
recruit_character = HRZ_mt
recruit_character = HRZ_ncm
recruit_character = HRZ_nt

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		generic_destroyer_1 = 1
		generic_submarine_1 = 1
		generic_light_cruiser_1 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	neutrality = 33
	communism = 34
}

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }
