capital = 301

oob = "PAR_1936"

if = {
    limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
        set_air_oob = "PAR_1936_air_legacy" #set_air_oob = "PAR_1936_air_bba"
    else = {
        set_air_oob = "PAR_1936_air_legacy"
    }
}

recruit_character = PAR_rafael_franco
recruit_character = PAR_emilio_melgarejo
recruit_character = PAR_francisco_daza
recruit_character = PAR_manuel_de_la_cruz
recruit_character = PAR_manuel_t_aponte
recruit_character = PAR_hector_velasquez
recruit_character = PAR_jesus_g_arraza
recruit_character = PAR_juan_stefanich
recruit_character = PAR_juan_manuel_frutos
recruit_character = PAR_isaias_baez_allende
recruit_character = PAR_vicente_almonacid
recruit_character = PAR_alfred_stroessner_matiauda
recruit_character = PAR_amancio_pampliega
recruit_character = PAR_hernan_rojas_baltassare
recruit_character = PAR_higenio_morinigo_martinez
recruit_character = PAR_juan_natalicio_gonzalez
recruit_character = PAR_remigio_bastia_martin
recruit_character = PAR_francisco_esculies
recruit_character = PAR_riccardo_odriosola

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	tech_support = 1
}
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

activate_mission = economy_fatigue_civilian_economy_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_export_focus_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_volunteer_only_mission

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
	primative_economy
	agrarian_society_1
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	communism = 75
}