capital = 634

#oob = ""

recruit_character = SOL_awt
recruit_character = SOL_acd2
recruit_character = SOL_nt
recruit_character = SOL_aco2
recruit_character = SOL_acas
recruit_character = SOL_acr
recruit_character = SOL_mt
recruit_character = SOL_stc
recruit_character = SOL_aa2
recruit_character = SOL_ncm
recruit_character = SOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = SOL_ncs
recruit_character = SOL_pot
recruit_character = SOL_nccr
recruit_character = SOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SOL_coi
recruit_character = SOL_ai2
recruit_character = SOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SOL_ar
recruit_character = SOL_acgs

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 6
	communism = 6
	neutrality = 38
}

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }
