capital = 300

oob = "URG_1936"

recruit_character = URG_gabriel_terra
recruit_character = URG_venancio_flores
recruit_character = URG_bernardo_gonzález
recruit_character = URG_juan_manuel_aguirre
recruit_character = URG_ernesto_sanchez_elizondo
recruit_character = URG_rafael_marques_ayala
recruit_character = URG_a_martin_de_la_flores
recruit_character = URG_carlos_neves_ochoa
recruit_character = URG_hector_lopez_camara
recruit_character = URG_valentin_gomez
recruit_character = URG_enrico_amancias_rodriguez
recruit_character = URG_cantido_quintio_reyes
recruit_character = URG_cosme_alvarez_berisso
recruit_character = URG_jorge_eloi_mendoza
recruit_character = URG_vittorio_amato_masso
recruit_character = URG_carlos_jackson_urribe
recruit_character = URG_teo_bucardi_ramos
recruit_character = URG_eleazar_diaz_caminate
recruit_character = URG_manuel_heinz_azpurua
recruit_character = URG_alfredo_baldomir
recruit_character = URG_horacio_arredondo
recruit_character = URG_paulo_ortega_frusci
recruit_character = URG_emilio_frugoni

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

activate_mission = economy_fatigue_civilian_economy_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_export_focus_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_volunteer_only_mission

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
	league_of_nations
	primative_economy
	agrarian_society_1
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }

set_country_flag = League_of_nations_member_flag

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	# = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	tech_support = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		generic_destroyer_1 = 1
		# = 1
		# = 1
	}
}
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.4.19"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 97
	communism = 3
}