capital = 307

oob = "VEN_1936"

recruit_character = VEN_eleazar_lópez_contreras
recruit_character = VEN_juan_bautista_fuenmayor
recruit_character = VEN_luis_figueroa
recruit_character = VEN_patricio_franco
recruit_character = VEN_isaias_medina_angarita
recruit_character = VEN_humberto_santabria_villa
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_molina_talavayo
recruit_character = VEN_roberto_de_luca_varesano
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_garcia_mendoza
recruit_character = VEN_miguel_diaz_fraile
recruit_character = VEN_victor_sanchez_croes
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_casas_gonzalez
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_ramos_diaz
recruit_character = VEN_david_lopez_henriques
recruit_character = VEN_jose_polares_pavon
recruit_character = VEN_tomas_contreras_villalobos
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_delgado_chalbaud
recruit_character = VEN_manuel_diaz_rodriguez
recruit_character = VEN_romulo_gallegos_freire
recruit_character = VEN_isidoro_ruiz_tuerro

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1
}

starting_train_buffer = 1

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

activate_mission = economy_fatigue_civilian_economy_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_export_focus_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_volunteer_only_mission

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
	league_of_nations
	agrarian_economy
	agrarian_society_1
	oil_mismanagment
}
set_variable = { economic_fatigue = 0 }

set_country_flag = League_of_nations_member_flag

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 80
	communism = 15
}